Add data studios demo (#14)
ejseqera/showcase: demo/docs/012_tertiary_analysis_data_studios.md

Data Studios streamlines this process for Seqera Platform users by allowing them to add interactive analysis environments based on templates, similar to how they add and share Pipelines and Datasets.

The Seqera Platform manages all the details, enabling users to easily select their preferred interactive tool and analyze their data within the platform.

On the 'Data Studios' tab, you will be able to monitor and see the details of Studios in a Workspace.

Studios will have a name, followed by the cloud provider they are run on, the container image being used (Jupyter, VS Code, RStudio), the user who created the Studio, the timestamp for creation, followed by the status to indicate whether it has Started, Stopped, or is Running. 

![Data studios overview](./assets/data-studios-overview.png)

Clicking on the three dots will allow you to:
- See the details of the Studio
- Connect to the Studio
- Start the studio
- Stop the studio
- Copy the Data Studio URL

## Analyse RNAseq Data in Data Studios

> We can use Data Studios to further analyse our RNAseq results, perform comparisons, and perform statistical analyses such as differential expression. 
> 
> To generate differential statistics and comparisons for analyses, we can run the [nf-core/differentialabundance](https://github.com/nf-core/differentialabundance) pipeline with out RNAseq results as input and visualise these data in a Data Studio.
> 
> For the sake of time, we have run RNAseq results through the differentialabundance pipeline and created a new Data Studio with these results from the cloud mounted into the Studio to perform further analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use Data Studios to perform bespoke analysis on the results of upstream workflows. For example we can run the nf-core/rnaseq workflow to quantify gene expression, followed by nf-core/differentialabundance to derive differential expression statistics, and then use Data Studios to interrogate and visualise the results of those analyses. 

As an example, we have run RNAseq results through the differentialabundance pipeline and created a new Data Studio with these results from the cloud mounted into the Studio to perform further analysis. One of these outputs is a Shiny application, which we can deploy for interactive analysis.
```

/// details | Presenter's Note
        type: note   

The Data Studios demonstration involves deploying a RShiny app to explore RNAseq results. This will open the app in a new browser window. You may choose to have this window already open before your demo and switch over to it.
///

### 1. Open the RNAseq Analysis Studio 
Click on the __rnaseq_to_differentialabundance__ Studio.

Upon clicking on the Studio, you will see we are able to create an RStudio environment that uses an existing Compute Environment available in this Workspace. 

We have also mounted data generated from our RNAseq pipeline and subsequent differentialabundance pipeline, directly from AWS S3. 

We can also specify the resources this Studio will use. 

/// details | Click to show animation
    type: example

![RNAseq studio details](assets/rnaseq-diffab-studio-details.gif)
///

### 2. Connect to the Studio

> This Data Studio will start an RStudio environment with the necessary R packages for deploying an RShiny app that will allow us to interacte with various comparisons and visualisations of our RNAseq data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Data Studio will start an RStudio environment in which we have already installed the necessary R packages for deploying an RShiny app that will allow us to interact with various comparisons and visualisations of our RNAseq data. We've also generated an R Markdown document with the commands in place to generate the R Shiny application.
```
